>> Brian Holt: This is something that you
should really be considering doing with
your application.
Particularly if your application code,
like your JavaScript bundles,
are like over a megabyte, right?
Because you should have like an initial
payload that's gonna be like,
I would say no more
than like 50 kilobytes.
If you're doing more than 50 kilobytes you
probably should try and slim down your
initial page load to be the bare, bare
minimum to get your application started.
Obviously it's gonna vary by what
kind of application you're doing,
what kind of demographic you have.
If it's an internal network thing and
everyone's on gigabit fiber then
you don't have to care, right?
But if you're trying to reach
rural farmers in Montana or
you're trying to reach demographics in
India, where they have congested Internet.
This is something you really
should be thinking about.
And you have to remember, React itself
is already 30-something kilobytes.
So that's already just eaten out
a big part of your application, so
you have to be really
conscious of these things.
You can see here, this is 871 kilobytes.
We're building this in development
without gzipping, so that's why.
We will make this much smaller,
I think our application right
now is about 50 kilobytes as is.
>> Brian Holt: Does anybody have
any questions about what we did?
>> Speaker 2: She was talking
about like named exports.
>> Brian Holt: Right, so I didn't say
import default or anything like that.
Is that what you're getting at?
So loadable assumes that whatever's
in details is the default export.
There is a way that you can
define that resolution.
You'd have to look at the documentation,
but
there is a way around that if
it's a named export, right.
Does that answer your question?
Okay, cool, good question.
Loadable makes a bunch of assumptions and
I'm just showing you like
the bare minimum here.
There's like five more things you
can do with it, like let's see.
>> Brian Holt: Like error, I don't know,
there's a bunch of other top
level properties you can do here.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe,
yeah, that's what I can do.
>> Brian Holt: isLoading,
pastDelay, timeOut, error, retry,
you can have it have like retry logic and
some other things as well.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, modules,
I think modules is how you would fix that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, and then the last
thing I was gonna show you is notice that
when I first load the page.
It's gonna go from loading,
loading, split out page, and
then it goes to loading
cuz it loads all the.
So I have multiple layers of loading here.
We could probably handle this
a little bit better than we do, but
this works for now, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Can you lazy load
components without using React loadable?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah absolutely, so
let's think about how we could do that.
All right I think I got this.
So I'm gonna go into this one.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, I'm not gonna do it
cuz I'd have to refactor a lot of the code
here but what you could do
with petfinder-client, right?
Because petfinder-client is always being
called inside of component didmount and
it's already asynchronous right?
So pretend I'm not loading
petfinder-client anywhere else, right?
I could say up here, const pf =,
let's do it inside of here.
>> Brian Holt: const pf = import
petfinder-client, like this.
And then I would say, petfinder =
>> Brian Holt: This
would be PF promise actually.
>> Brian Holt: pfPromise.then,
then you would have PF here, right?
And then inside of this promise body
you would have PF available to you.
And then you could do all of this
stuff inside of that promise, right?
And you would have to move obviously all
of this stuff into there as well, right?
But you can define break points anywhere,
it doesn't have to be routes,
it doesn't have to be anything like that.
Like, in fact, the next thing I want to,
yeah, let's finish this out.
That's a good point and I think I will,
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
show you some more things you can
do here with the React loadable.
But yeah, you can define
those import points anywhere,
you just have to use this import
function where ever I put that, this.
>> Brian Holt: So that's parcel doing
that for you behind the scenes, right?
It's not React or anything like that,
parcel's doing that.
Same with webpack, will do exactly
the same thing the exact same way.